IPro 497 -- Product Direction Document
======================================

Problem statement
-----------------

Please provide two problem statements. They are the same problem but
take two passes at it.

Newly integrating students are able to easily find tutors that align
with their schedule and personality, so students are quicker(more fast)
to ask for the help they need.

IIT students have a difficult time finding IIT tutors.

New IIT students are unable to access tutoring resources in a manner
that best satisfies their schedule and personality needs, causing them
to not be able to get help soon enough.

Notes:

-   It takes a long time to do homework.

-   I don't have time to study.

-   Too many hurdles just to set up a meeting

Why choose a Tutor:

-   The pace is slower.

-   They pause and ask questions.

-   They are compatient.

-   What is it about the lecture and textbook that is the problem?

-   How do I screen for tutors? You don't

-   Connections to campus, professors, other tutors/struggling students

    -   Community

Â 

Customer
--------

### Description

Struggling students with time conflicts, commuters, unaware of resources, overwhelmed

### Customer Demographic

freshman, sophomore, newly integrating student

### Customer Persona

Other customer(s) or stakeholder(s)
-----------------------------------

teachers, tutors, upper admin that focuses on student'

Application type (web app, mobile, website, native client, ...)
---------------------------------------------------------------

web application

Tech stack
----------

-   Node JS

-   Express

-   React

### Client Tech

Does not apply?

Laptop? Smartphone?

### Server Tech

Node JS

Top Application Capabilities (name at least 5)
----------------------------------------------

*Student Profile:*

-   Profile customization of sorts (Language, Major, Interest(2 or a few), Classes taken, relationships with professors)
    -   Most comfortable topics teaching

-   User profiles

*Customer to Business (C2B):*

-   Chat (IM) (Notifications)

-   General Questions

-   Rating system (For instructors) (Positive Reinforcement)

*Scheduling:*

-   Pre-meeting information sharing (Picture, attempt, Google meet link?)
    
-   Calendar

Most important features:

-   Matchmaking (schedule a time to meet with the tutor) - establishing the relationship and figuring out how it is going to work.
    -   Appointment calendar and test in 2 days and they are completely booked. What do they do?
        
    -   Allow students to have a chat with IIT students and ask students how we could best offer this program. (This would be for the
        demo phase)

-   User Profile

    -   Icon profile.

    -   Basic student information

    -   Keyword or text about what their strengths are and weaknesses.

Top Two to Three Scenarios
--------------------------

### Scenario \#1 (example)

Our hero us Bob is a busy student and wants to maximize his time to
study and have fun, but also needs to have clean clothes to wear. When
Bob heads to the dorm laundry he sees there is a sign and QR code for
laundry minion. He downloads the laundry minion app and scans the QR
code for the washing machine. He adds funds to laundry minion and uses
the app to pay for the load from his phone and start the washer. Bob
heads back to study location and get notifications when his laundry is
10 minutes, 5 minutes and finally one minute from done. No more finding
his clothes strew all over the place or standing around waiting for
loads to finish.

### Scenario \#2 (example)

Bob pops his clothes in the dry and scans the dryer QR code with Laundry
minion. He adds funds to his laundry minion card and pays for the dryer.
Laundry minion tells him and when his clothes are 10 minutes, 5 minutes
and 1 minute and tells IF the clothes are dry. If they are not dry, Bob
can remotely add more dryer cycles to dry his clothes. No more finding
his clothes strew all over the place or standing around waiting for
loads to finish.

### Your Scenario \#1

Bob is a commuter and has a full day\'s worth of classes ahead of him
and sometimes he struggles to get to campus on time to attend his 8 am
class. He tends to take the Blue and Green line and the car when he is
desperate. Today, he is using the train and decides to go on his phone
and use his app to pass the time. Being on campus for long periods of
time can be a hassle and he tends to meet up with friends while he is
waiting since his next class doesn't start until 3:00pm.

### Your Scenario \#2

Academically Struggling Students

A new student is struggling with a subject they didn't really have much experience with from highschool. They do not know where to look for help. The tutor app sends a notification that indicates that if they are struggling, there are open tutor sessions available as soon as the next day. The student logs into the tutor app, schedules with a top recommended tutor who seems like a good match and gets better sleep.

### Your Scenario \#3

A student has just transferred to IIT. At his prior campus, he had a negative experience when seeking for help that discouraged him from leveraging resources moving forward. His tutor was unresponsive and unable to help him understand the work. The tutor app removes any inconvenience that discouraged him before by being able to chat with tutor and professors.

Team Members
------------

  Name                   Location            Time zone offset from Chicago (Chicago is 0 offset)
---------------------- ------------------- -----------------------------------------------------
  Reynaldo Gutierrez     Chicago, Illinois   0
  Edwin Zamudio          Chicago, Illinois   0
  Guilherme Wu Chi Wei   Chicago, Illinois   0
  Carlos Rodriguez       Chicago, Illinois   0
                                             

Team Working Agreement
----------------------

**We will use Github and keep items updated as progress is made:**

**Github Repo to be posted Shortly :D**

[https://githhttps://github.com/IPRO-Digital-Developmentub.com/IPRO-Digital-Development](https://github.com/IPRO-Digital-Development)

[https://github.com/IPRO-Digital-Development/tutor-app](https://github.com/IPRO-Digital-Development/tutor-app) Github Repo

[https://github.com/orgs/IPRO-Digital-Development/projects/1](https://github.com/orgs/IPRO-Digital-Development/projects/1) Kanban Board

**If we need to meet outside of class we have found a mutually agreeable
time at:**

Wednesday 5-6 PM

**If we need to meet outside of class we will use the following
tool/tech for meetings: **

[https://discord.gg/crYKxTqr](https://discord.gg/crYKxTqr)

[https://www.when2meet.com/?12788015-fUpcu](https://www.when2meet.com/?12788015-fUpcu)

**When we are not meeting together we will user the following tool/tech
for communications: **

-   Discord

-   Email
